Add new designers, badge standards, and brand 2025 planning doc (#71)
purduehackers/evergreen: design/badges/standards.md

# Badge standards for less problems

> Written by [@firefoxofficial](https://github.com/purduehackers/dark-forest/blob/main/people/organizers/firefoxofficial.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

upcoming style guide says to not do attributions, it's not merged yet but let's get ahead of it

## Software

> Any software that can export as SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics). Commonly used softwares are Adobe Illustrator, Figma, or Inkscape. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any vector design software that can export as SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics). Adobe Illustrator and Inkscape are the most commonly-used ones.

Inkscape is free, so if you don't have a Creative Cloud subscription etc., it's a good place to start.
```

Figma is really not a good vector design tool for badges; Sean tried it for the 3.6 ghost badge and ran into a lot of weird issues. Figma is a great design tool but it's not a good vector design tool IMO

Author: ok yeah because i have used it before just finicky as hell i guess lmfao
